✨ NEW: Comments and Annotations (#866)
executablebooks/jupyter-book: docs/interactive/comments.md

# Commenting and Annotation

Add comments and annotation functionality to your Sphinx website.

Currently, these commenting engines are supported:

- [Hypothes.is](https://hypothes.is/) provides a web overlay that allows you to annotate and comment collaboratively.
- [utteranc.es](https://utteranc.es/) is a web commenting system that uses GitHub Issues to store and manage comments.

> - [`dokie.li`](https://dokie.li/) is an open source commenting and annotation overlay built on web standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`dokie.li`](https://dokie.li/) is a clientside editor for decentralised article publishing, annotations and social interactions.
```
